# Fennec
IoT Dynamic Security Layer System

Internet of Things defines the concept of providing intelligence and connection to common objects in the real world. To date, one of the biggest challenges that must be overcome in this field is the lack of security and privacy mechanisms these communications. Considering that current information security tools are not designed to operate in heterogeneous environments with limited resources, it is necessary to develop an abstraction scheme capable of guaranteeing basic information security principles (such as confidentiality, integrity, availability, authenticity and non-repudiation) in the interplay between ubiquitous devices. For this purpose, a system capable of providing this service to third-party software has been developed to enable transparent and secure communication with other entities. Specifically, the elements that make up this system are: a supernode responsible for the network infrastructure that securely interconnects the different nodes of the system as well as analyzing the behavior of the network nodes and managing the different trust relationships generated by the network. On the other hand, a service capable of establishing the necessary steps for securing all communications with a supernode. And finally, a library that allows third-party software to communicate with the installed service to transmit the desired information. The results have shown with the developed system, it is possible to establish a secure network infrastructure composed of nodes with heterogeneous capabilities and limited resources.

For more information check out the [project documentation](https://github.com/AlonsoApp/Fennec/blob/master/project_report.pdf) written in Spanish. 
